Οἱ ἄγγελοι (The messengers)#
The year is 480 B.C.
The Persian king Xerxes (Old Persian: 𐎧𐏁𐎹𐎠𐎾𐏁𐎠, Khshayārsha) has just invaded the Greek city-states.
This unfortunate event has caused many messengers traveling throughout Greece to begin acting as scouts.
They visit a variety of cities. Some settlements are controlled by the Greeks, while others have been taken by the Persians.

To gain an informational advantage, the citizens of Sparta (Doric Greek: Σπάρτα) decide to establish a library connected to the latest telecommunications network for messengers.

Each messenger receives a TCP client application that can connect to the library server.
The library contains a list of city-states and information about whether they are controlled by the Greeks or the Persians.
Each messenger maintains a similar list locally, updating it when new information is received from the central library.
There are 20 city-states. Each one is identified by a number in the range [1, 20].
Your task is to implement a library server compatible with the provided client.

The client program is delivered as a compiled executable. You can run it using:

./client <SERVER_ADDRESS> <PORT_NUMBER>
A compiled executable of a sample server implementation is also provided.

Stages#
1. Implement handling of a single client connecting to a TCP server.
The server accepts the port number as a command-line argument.
Example server execution:

./server 8888
After starting, the server listens for incoming client connections.
Once connected to the first client, it waits to receive 4 bytes of data, prints them to stdout, closes the connection, and then exits.

2. Implement handling of multiple clients and receiving data.
When a new client connects, they are added to the current list of clients.
The maximum number of clients is 4.
If the maximum number of clients is reached, new connections should be rejected.
Whenever the server receives a 4-byte message from any client, it prints it to the terminal. Use the epoll function to implement this step
(alternatively, you may use pselect or ppoll).
⚠️ Note: In this step, you do not need to correctly handle client disconnections.

3. Add to the server an array that stores information about which side each city belongs to.
Initially, all cities belong to the Greeks.
Each time the server receives a message in the format:
pXX\n
or
gXX\n
where XX is a two-digit number representing a city identifier, it indicates that city XX now belongs to the Persians or the Greeks, respectively.
If a city’s ownership hasn’t changed, take no action.
If the city’s owner has changed:
update the city ownership array,
broadcast the received message to all other connected clients.
Assumptions:

You still do not need to handle client disconnections at this stage.
All incoming messages can be assumed to be in the correct format.

4.Upon receiving a SIGINT signal, the server should:
close all connections,
print out which side each city belongs to,
free resources and terminate.
Add proper handling for client disconnections in the following cases:

Reading from a client descriptor returns a message of length 0.
Writing to a client descriptor raises an EPIPE error.
The message received from the client is not in the correct format or the city number is outside the [1, 20] range.
The server receives a Control-C (C-c).
⚠️ Note: Disconnected clients free up space for new incoming clients.
